# Introduction
Simple App Generator is an app which uses Typescript code to convert jsonschemas into frontend(nuxtjs) and backend(nestjs). The database which is involved in designing the simple-app generator is MongoDB. MongoDB is mainly involved in CRUD operations of the Simple App Generator. The Jsonschema can be used to perform create, read, update and delete functions once the simple app generator project is run.There are many benefits when using the simple app generator. 

* One of the benefits is it has a complex multi-tenancy data solution which can support tenant/organization/branches. This is because the tenants data remain isolated and remains invisible to other tenants. Besides, it also performs unified frontend and backend data validation according to the jsonschemas. Simple App Generator also can autogenerate frontend template so that the frontend developer can easily modify the user interface layout without worrying of loss in data integration.

* The design layout of the framework is easy to understand and the developer can work at both frontend and backend separately after the code is generated. The concept of the design layout allows unlimited regeneration of codes and the schemas can change. As a result, the impact is minimal.

* There are many steps involved in setting up the Simple App Generator. The first step is you need to set up MongoDB cluster in 3 nodes by using Docker. Once the 3 nodes are set up, the Docker can be run. 

* Then, a project folder is created by using the command mkdir~/project1. After that, simple app generator latest project is created by using the command, 
npm install -g @simitgroup/simpleapp-generator @ latest.

* After that, sammples are generated by using the command, simpleapp-generator -g init. Then, the backend part is built by using the command, bash build.sh backend. Next, the configuration for the.env file for the backend is also updated. After that, the frontend part is designed by using the command, bash build.sh frontend. 

* Then, the frontend configuration for the .env file is modified.

* The schemas are added at the schema folder of the project1 by duplicating the .json file and modifying its properties. After that, the backend and the frontend part of the project1 are updated by using the command bash build.sh updatebackend and bash build.sh updatefrontend. 

* The backend and the frontend part of the simple app generator project can be run by using the command pnpm start:dev and pnpm dev.

* The user needs to enter the email and password in the login screen. After that, CRUD operation is performed once the user clicks the JSON Schema button. 


